# Avoid

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**features** | **str** | A comma separated list of features that routes will avoid.  * &#x60;seasonalClosure&#x60; * &#x60;tollRoad&#x60; * &#x60;controlledAccessHighway&#x60; * &#x60;ferry&#x60; * &#x60;carShuttleTrain&#x60; * &#x60;tunnel&#x60; * &#x60;dirtRoad&#x60; * &#x60;difficultTurns&#x60;: This option avoids difficult turns, sharp turns and U-turns on highways and motorways. It is only supported for the &#x60;truck&#x60; transport mode. * &#x60;uTurns&#x60;: This option avoids U-turns on highways and motorways. It is only supported for the &#x60;truck&#x60; transport mode.  | [optional] 
**areas** | **str** | A pipe separated list of user defined areas that routes will avoid to go through. The list is limited by 250 items.  Format: &#x60;{shape1}|{shape2}|{shape3}...&#x60;  Supported shape format: * Bounding box - A rectangular area on earth defined by a comma separated list of two latitude and two longitude values.   - Format: &#x60;bbox:{west},{south},{east},{north}&#x60;     + &#x60;{west}&#x60;  - Longitude value of the westernmost point of the area.     + &#x60;{south}&#x60; - Latitude value of the southernmost point of the area.     + &#x60;{east}&#x60;  - Longitude value of the easternmost point of the area.     + &#x60;{north}&#x60; - Latitude value of the northernmost point of the area.   - Example: &#x60;bbox:13.082,52.416,13.628,52.626&#x60; - Bounding box of Berlin  | [optional] 
**segments** | **str** | A comma separated list of segment identifiers that routes will avoid going through.  Each entry has the following structure: &#x60;{segmentId}(#{direction})?&#x60;  The individual parts are: * segmentId: The identifier of the referenced topology segment inside the catalog, example: &#x60;here:cm:segment:207551710&#x60; * direction (optional): Either &#x27;*&#x27; for bidirectional (default), &#x27;+&#x27; for positive direction, or &#x27;-&#x27; for negative direction  Example of a parameter value excluding two segments: &#x60;here:cm:segment:207551710#+,here:cm:segment:76771992#*&#x60;  **Note**: Maximum amount of penalized segments in one request should not be grater than 250.           A \&quot;penalized segments\&quot; refers to segments that have a restrictions on maximum baseSpeed with &#x60;maxSpeedOnSegment&#x60;           or avoided with &#x60;avoid[segments]&#x60;  | [optional] 
**zone_categories** | **str** | Specifies a list of categories of zones which routes will avoid going through.  Format: &#x60;Categories[ZoneCategoryOptions]&#x60;  * Categories: &#x60;{cat1},{cat2}...&#x60;   A comma separated list of zone categories. * ZoneCategoriesOptions (optional): &#x60;;option1&#x3D;value1;options2&#x3D;value2...&#x60;   A list of options for zone categories in &#x60;KEY&#x3D;VALUE&#x60; form.  Supported zone category options:   * exceptZoneIds: A comma-separated list of zone identifiers, which will not be taken into account for evaluation of zone categories to avoid.  Supported zone categories:   * &#x60;vignette&#x60;   * &#x60;congestionPricing&#x60;   * &#x60;environmental&#x60;  Example of zone categories avoidance: &#x60;avoid[zoneCategories]&#x3D;environmental,vignette&#x60;  Example of zone categories avoidance with exceptions: &#x60;avoid[zoneCategories]&#x3D;environmental,vignette;exceptZoneIds&#x3D;here:cm:envzone:3&#x60;  | [optional] 
**zone_identifiers** | **str** | A comma separated list containing identifiers of zones that routes will avoid going through.  Example of an identifier referencing an environmental zone: &#x60;here:cm:envzone:2&#x60;  | [optional] 
**truck_road_types** | **str** | A comma-separated list of truck road type identifiers to be avoided.  A truck road type is an identifier associated with roads that have additional regulations applied by local administration for traversal by heavy vehicles like trucks. For example, the BK Bearing Class regulations in Sweden, and ET categories in Mexico. Identifiers for supported truck road types are specified at HERE Map Content [TruckRoadType](https://developer.here.com/documentation/here-map-content/dev_guide/topics_schema/truckroadtypeattribute.truckroadtype.html).  Example: &#x60;avoid[truckRoadTypes]&#x3D;BK1,BK2,BK3,BK4&#x60;  | [optional] 
**toll_transponders** | **str** | Indicates that routes will avoid all toll transponders.  Example: &#x60;avoid[tollTransponders]&#x3D;all&#x60;  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

