# EVConsumption

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**free_flow_speed_table** | **AllOfEVConsumptionFreeFlowSpeedTable** |  | 
**traffic_speed_table** | **AllOfEVConsumptionTrafficSpeedTable** | Function curve specifying consumption rate at a given traffic-reduced speed on a flat stretch of road.  See &#x60;freeFlowSpeedTable&#x60; for a description of the string format.  | [optional] 
**ascent** | **float** | Rate of energy consumed per meter rise in elevation (in Wh/m, i.e., Watt-hours per meter).  | [optional] 
**descent** | **float** | Rate of energy recovered per meter fall in elevation (in Wh/m, i.e., Watt-hours per meter).  | [optional] 
**auxiliary_consumption** | **float** | Rate of energy (in Wh/s) consumed by the vehicle&#x27;s auxiliary systems (for example, air conditioning, lights). The value represents the number of Watt-hours consumed per second of travel.  | [optional] 
**initial_charge** | **float** | Charge level of the vehicle&#x27;s battery at the start of the route (in kWh). Value must be less than or equal to the value of &#x60;maxCharge&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**max_charge** | **float** | Total capacity of the vehicle&#x27;s battery (in kWh).  | [optional] 
**charging_curve** | **str** | Function curve describing the maximum battery charging rate (in kW) at a given charge level (in kWh).  The format of the string is a comma-separated list of numbers, as follows:  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; &lt;CHARGE_0&gt;,&lt;RATE_0&gt;,&lt;CHARGE_1&gt;,&lt;RATE_1&gt;,...,&lt;RATE_N&gt;,&lt;CHARGE_N&gt; &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  where charge values are strictly increasing, non-negative floating-point values in units of (kWh), and rate values are positive floating point values in units of (kW).  Charge values must cover the entire range of &#x60;[0, maxChargeAfterChargingStation&#x60;]. The charging curve is piecewise constant, e.g., for any charge in the range &#x60;[CHARGE_0, CHARGE_1)&#x60;, the value of the function is &#x60;RATE_0&#x60;.  The algorithm calculates a route as the best possible combination of driving and charging parts and uses the charging curve to evaluate the most efficent range of charging. For example, if the rate of charging is high at lower levels of battery, but slows down significantly after charging a little, stopping often and charging less, but quicker, at each station might be better for the overall route. Because batteries lose charging speed with use, providing a charging curve for the exact battery would give more accurate charging time estimate than providing a generic curve for all batteries of one type.  | [optional] 
**max_charging_voltage** | **float** | Maximum charging voltage supported by the vehicle&#x27;s battery (in Volt).  | [optional] 
**max_charging_current** | **float** | Maximum charging current supported by the vehicle&#x27;s battery (in Ampere).  | [optional] 
**max_charge_after_charging_station** | **float** | Maximum charge to which the battery should be charged at a charging station (in kWh). Value must be less than or equal to the value of &#x60;maxCharge&#x60;.  The algorithm calculates a route as the best possible combination of driving and charging parts so charging at a charging station does not happen strictly to the value of this parameter. Instead, the algorithm attempts to leave every station with different charge levels, and only the best possible combination of charging stations and target charge will form the final route.  For example, if there is a fast but not reachable charging station on the route, the algorithm prefers first to charge at a slower station, but only to a level that enables it to reach the fast station. This way it calculates the best possible combination of driving and charging parts.  | [optional] 
**min_charge_at_charging_station** | **float** | Minimum charge when arriving at a charging station (in kWh). Value must be less than the value of &#x60;maxChargeAfterChargingStation&#x60;.  The algorithm calculates a route as the best possible combination of driving and charging parts so visiting a charging station is planned not when the remaining charge is close to the value of this parameter but when it is part of the best possible charging plan for the given route.  For example, it might prefer charging a still half-full battery at the fast charging station because there are only slower stations later on the route and the remaining charge is not enough to reach the destination without charging at all.  | [optional] 
**min_charge_at_first_charging_station** | **float** | Minimum charge when arriving at first charging station (in kWh). Value must be less than the value of &#x60;maxChargeAfterChargingStation&#x60;.  This overrides &#x60;minChargeAtChargingStation&#x60; for the first charging station. If not specified, &#x60;minChargeAtChargingStation&#x60; will be used for all charging stations, including the first one.  This is usually used when the current charge is too low to reach a charging station within &#x60;minChargeAtChargingStation&#x60; limits.  | [optional] 
**min_charge_at_destination** | **float** | Minimum charge at the final route destination (in kWh). Value must be less than the value of &#x60;maxChargeAfterChargingStation&#x60;.  The algorithm calculates a route as the best possible combination of driving and charging parts while making sure that the actual value of the charge at the destination would be close to the value of this parameter. I.e., the resulting value is expected to be bigger than this parameter&#x27;s value by no more than 10% of the battery capacity.  | [optional] 
**charging_setup_duration** | **int** | Time spent (in seconds) after arriving at a charging station but before actually charging (for example, time spent for payment processing).  | [optional] 
**connector_types** | **str** | Comma-separated list of connector types that are compatible with the vehicle. If &#x60;makeReachable&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, then only stations with any of these connector types will be evaluated as a potential charging stop. For stations with multiple compatible connectors, the charging time is based on the connector type with the highest power rating among them.  Currently supported connector types are:   * &#x60;iec62196Type1Combo&#x60;:  Type 1 Combo connector, commonly called \&quot;SAE J1772\&quot;   * &#x60;iec62196Type2Combo&#x60;:  Type 2 Combo connector, commonly called \&quot;Mennekes\&quot;   * &#x60;chademo&#x60;: CHAdeMO connector   * &#x60;tesla&#x60;: Tesla connector  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

