# PedestrianSpan

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**offset** | **int** | Offset of a coordinate in the section&#x27;s polyline.  | [optional] 
**length** | [**Distance**](Distance.md) |  | [optional] 
**duration** | [**Duration**](Duration.md) |  | [optional] 
**street_attributes** | [**list[StreetAttributes]**](StreetAttributes.md) | &#x60;StreetAttributes&#x60; is applied to a span of a route section and describes attribute flags of a street. * &#x60;rightDrivingSide&#x60;: Do vehicles have to drive on the right-hand side of the road or the left-hand side. * &#x60;dirtRoad&#x60;: This part of the route has an un-paved surface. * &#x60;tunnel&#x60;: This part of the route is a tunnel. * &#x60;bridge&#x60;: This part of the route is a bridge. * &#x60;ramp&#x60;: This part of the route is a ramp (usually connecting to/from/between highways). * &#x60;motorway&#x60;: This part of the route is a controlled access road (usually highways with motorway sign). * &#x60;roundabout&#x60;: This part of the route is a roundabout. * &#x60;underConstruction&#x60;: This part of the route is under construction. * &#x60;dividedRoad&#x60;: This part of the route uses a road with a physical or legal divider in the middle. * &#x60;privateRoad&#x60;: This part of the route uses a privately owned road. * &#x60;controlledAccessHighway&#x60;: This part of the route is a either controlled access or limited access road or both.  As it is possible that new street attributes are supported in the future, unknown street attributes should be ignored.  | [optional] 
**walk_attributes** | [**list[WalkAttributes]**](WalkAttributes.md) | Accessibility and walk-related attribute flags.  * &#x60;stairs&#x60;: This part of the route is a staircase. * &#x60;park&#x60;: This part of the route is in a park. * &#x60;indoor&#x60;: This part of the route is inside a venue. * &#x60;open&#x60;: This part of the route is open to walking. * &#x60;noThrough&#x60;: This part of the route can only be traversed if origin, destination or any via waypoint is located there. * &#x60;tollRoad&#x60;: Access to this part of the route is restricted with a fee (or toll).  As it is possible that new attributes are supported in the future, unknown attributes should be ignored.  | [optional] 
**car_attributes** | [**list[AccessAttributes]**](AccessAttributes.md) | Car specific &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60;.  &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60; is applied to a span of a route section and describes access flags of a street. * &#x60;open&#x60;:  A part of the route that is open to cars. * &#x60;noThrough&#x60;:  A part of the route that can only be traversed if origin, destination or any via waypoint is located there. * &#x60;tollRoad&#x60;: Access to this part of the route is restricted with a fee (or toll).  As it is possible that new access attributes are supported in the future, unknown access attributes should be ignored.  | [optional] 
**truck_attributes** | [**list[AccessAttributes]**](AccessAttributes.md) | Truck specific &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60;.  &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60; is applied to a span of a route section and describes access flags of a street. * &#x60;open&#x60;: This part of the route is open to trucks. * &#x60;noThrough&#x60;: This part of the route can only be traversed if origin, destination or any via waypoint is located there. * &#x60;tollRoad&#x60;: This part of the route is restricted with a fee (or toll).  As it is possible that new access attributes are supported in the future, unknown access attributes should be ignored.  | [optional] 
**scooter_attributes** | [**list[AccessAttributes]**](AccessAttributes.md) | Scooter specific &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60;.  &#x60;AccessAttributes&#x60; is applied to a span of a route section and describes access flags of a street. * &#x60;open&#x60;: This part of the route is open to scooters.  As it is possible that new access attributes are supported in the future, unknown access attributes should be ignored.  | [optional] 
**names** | [**list[LocalizedString]**](LocalizedString.md) | Designated name for the span (e.g. a street name or a transport name) | [optional] 
**route_numbers** | [**list[LocalizedString]**](LocalizedString.md) | Designated route name or number of the span (e.g. &#x27;M25&#x27;) | [optional] 
**country_code** | [**CountryCode**](CountryCode.md) |  | [optional] 
**state_code** | [**StateCode**](StateCode.md) |  | [optional] 
**functional_class** | [**FunctionalClass**](FunctionalClass.md) |  | [optional] 
**speed_limit** | [**Speed**](Speed.md) |  | [optional] 
**max_speed** | [**MaxSpeed**](MaxSpeed.md) |  | [optional] 
**dynamic_speed_info** | [**DynamicSpeedInfo**](DynamicSpeedInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**segment_id** | **str** | **NOTE:** Attribute segmentId is deprecated. Use segmentRef instead.  The directed topology segment id including prefix (e.g &#x27;+here:cm:segment:&#x27;).  The id consists of two parts. * The direction (&#x27;+&#x27; or &#x27;-&#x27;) * followed by the topology segment id (a unique identifier within the HERE platform catalogs).  The direction specifies whether the route is using the segment in its canonical direction (&#x27;+&#x27; aka traveling along the geometry&#x27;s direction), or against it (&#x27;-&#x27; aka traveling against the geometry&#x27;s direction).  | [optional] 
**segment_ref** | **str** | A reference to the HMC topology segment used in this span.  The standard representation of a segment reference has the following structure: {catalogHrn}:{catalogVersion}:({layerId})?:{tileId}:{segmentId}(#{direction}({startOffset}..{endOffset})?)?  The individual parts are: * catalogHrn: The HERE Resource Name that identifies the source catalog of the segment, example: hrn:here:data::olp-here:rib-2 * catalogVersion: The catalog version * layerId (optional): The layer inside the catalog where the segment can be found, example: topology-geometry * tileId: The HERE tile key of the partition/tile where the segment is located in the given version of the catalog. This can be on a lower level than the actual segment is stored at (for example, the provided tile ID can be on level 14, despite topology-geometry partitions being tiled at level 12). The level of a HERE tile key is indicated by the position of the highest set bit in binary representation. Since the HERE tile key represents a morton code of the x and y portion of the Tile ID, the level 12 tile ID can be retrieved from the level 14 tile ID by removing the 4 least significant bits (or 2 bits per level) or 1 hexidecimal digit. For example, the level 14 tile 377894441 is included in the level 12 tile 23618402 (377894441&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; &#x3D; 16863629&lt;sub&gt;16&lt;/sub&gt; &amp;rightarrow; 1686362&lt;sub&gt;16&lt;/sub&gt; &#x3D; 23618402&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt;) * segmentId: The identifier of the referenced topology segment inside the catalog, example: here:cm:segment:84905195 * direction (optional): Either &#x27;*&#x27; for undirected or bidirectional, &#x27;+&#x27; for positive direction, &#x27;-&#x27; for negative direction, or &#x27;?&#x27; for unknown direction (not used by the routing service) * startOffset/endOffset (optional): The start- and end offset are non-negative numbers between 0 and 1, representing the start and end of the referenced range using a proportion of the length of the segment. 0 represents the start and 1 the end of the segment, relative to the indicated direction (or positive direction in case of undirected segments). Example: 0.7..1  Example of a segment reference in standard representation: hrn:here:data::olp-here:rib-2:1363::377894441:here:cm:segment:84905195#+0.7..1  The segment references can also be provided in a compact representation, to reduce the response size. In the compact representation, some parts are replaced by placeholders, which can be resolved using the refReplacements dictionary in the parent section. The placeholder format is &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;\\$\\d+&#x60;&#x60;&#x60; and needs to be surrounded by colons or string start/end. It can be captured with the following regular expression: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;(^|:)\\$\\d+(:|$)/&#x60;&#x60;&#x60; .  Example of the segment reference previously mentioned in compact representation: $0:377894441:$1:84905195#+0.7..1 With the corresponding refReplacements: \&quot;refReplacements\&quot;: {   \&quot;0\&quot;: \&quot;hrn:here:data::olp-here:rib-2:1363:\&quot;,   \&quot;1\&quot;: \&quot;here:cm:segment\&quot; }  | [optional] 
**base_duration** | [**Duration**](Duration.md) |  | [optional] 
**typical_duration** | [**Duration**](Duration.md) |  | [optional] 
**incidents** | **list[int]** | A list of indices into the incident array of the parent section. References all incidents that apply to the span.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

