# Tolls

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transponders** | **str** | This parameter allows the user to specify for which systems the user has valid transponders. If a toll requires a certain transponder and the user states they have that transponder, no notices will be given regarding the requirement to have it. Additionally, the price for payment with transponders will be used when reporting fare prices and summaries, if required by the &#x60;tolls[summaries]&#x60; parameter.  The value of the parameter is a comma-separated list of transponder systems that the user has. Alternatively, the user can also specify &#x60;all&#x60; as a list element to state they have all required transponders along any potential route.  **Note**: currently, the only valid value is &#x60;all&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**vignettes** | **str** | This parameter allows the user to specify for which toll roads the user has valid vignettes. If a road requires a certain vignette and the user states that they have it, no notices will be given regarding the requirement to have it.  The value of the parameter is a comma-separated list of vignettes that the user has. Alternatively, the user can also specify &#x60;all&#x60; as a list element to state they have all required vignettes along any potential route.  No toll costs information will be returned for a given road requiring a vignette if the user states they already have it, as no further payment is necessary. If &#x60;tolls&#x60; are requested for spans, the toll sections for these types of toll systems are still reported, nevertheless.  **Note**: currently, the only valid value is &#x60;all&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**summaries** | **list[str]** | Items extensible enum: &#x60;total&#x60; &#x60;tollSystem&#x60; &#x60;country&#x60; &#x60;...&#x60;   This parameter allows the user to specify criteria for tolls aggregation. Multiple values may be requested at once. Toll aggregation is performed at the section level only.  Possible values are:   - &#x60;total&#x60;: the user wants a single value summarizing the tolls to be paid in the section.     This summary criterion requires that a &#x60;currency&#x60; has been passed as a parameter, to group     multi-currency roads together, even if the route would traverse roads that use only one currency;     see &#x60;currency&#x60; parameter.   - &#x60;tollSystem&#x60;: toll costs are aggregated per toll system.   - &#x60;country&#x60;: toll costs are aggregated per country.  Note that any toll instance may have multiple prices, depending on factors such as time of day, payment methods, etc. that are not available in the request. As a result, the most economical value is selected for summary calculation, so summaries should be considered informative only.  | [optional] 
**vehicle_category** | **str** | Extensible enum: &#x60;minibus&#x60; &#x60;...&#x60;   Defines special toll vehicle types. Usual types like car or truck are determined from transport mode.  | category  | Description | | --------- | ------- | | minibus | Commercial buses with a seating capacity of 16-25 passengers (NA) or a small bus that is used to transport a maximum of 15 passengers. Can be used only with transport mode &#x60;car&#x60; |  **NOTE:** It can be extended by other vehicle categories in the future.  | [optional] 
**emission_type** | **str** | Extensible enum: &#x60;euro1&#x60; &#x60;euro2&#x60; &#x60;euro3&#x60; &#x60;euro4&#x60; &#x60;euro5&#x60; &#x60;euro6&#x60; &#x60;euroEev&#x60; &#x60;...&#x60;   Defines the emission classes as defined by the toll operator. The types defined are based on the Emission standards. Emission types are only published when the toll cost is defined based on emission classes.  **NOTE:** This parameter is not compatible with EV routing: When EV routing is used, the appropriate emission type (Electric Vehicle) is used.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

