# Vehicle

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**shipped_hazardous_goods** | **str** | Comma-separated list of shipped hazardous goods in the vehicle.  Possible values are:  * &#x60;explosive&#x60;: Explosive material * &#x60;gas&#x60;: Gas * &#x60;flammable&#x60;: Flammable material * &#x60;combustible&#x60;: Combustible material * &#x60;organic&#x60;: Organic material * &#x60;poison&#x60;: Poison * &#x60;radioactive&#x60;: Radioactive material * &#x60;corrosive&#x60;: Corrosive material * &#x60;poisonousInhalation&#x60;: Materials that are poisonous upon inhalation * &#x60;harmfulToWater&#x60;: Materials that are harmful to water * &#x60;other&#x60;: Other types of hazardous materials  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**gross_weight** | **int** | Vehicle weight including trailers and shipped goods, in kilograms.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**weight_per_axle** | **int** | Heaviest vehicle weight per axle, in kilograms.  Heaviest weight per axle, regardless of axle type or axle group. It is evaluated against all axle weight restrictions, including single axle and tandem axle weight restrictions. It is useful if differences between axle types, like tandem and triple axles, are not relevant. This is the case in many countries, since they don&#x27;t distinguish between these different axle groups on signs and in regulations.  More fine-grained axle weight input is possible with &#x60;weightPerAxleGroup&#x60;.  **Note:** &#x60;weightPerAxleGroup&#x60; and &#x60;weightPerAxle&#x60; are incompatible. **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**weight_per_axle_group** | [**WeightPerAxleGroup**](WeightPerAxleGroup.md) |  | [optional] 
**height** | **int** | Vehicle height, in centimeters.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**width** | **int** | Vehicle width, in centimeters.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**length** | **int** | Vehicle length, in centimeters.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**tunnel_category** | [**TunnelCategory**](TunnelCategory.md) |  | [optional] 
**axle_count** | **int** | Value specifying the total number of axles the vehicle has i.e., axles on the base vehicle and any attached trailers.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**trailer_axle_count** | **int** | Value specifying the total number of axles across all the trailers attached to the vehicle. This number is included in &#x60;axleCount&#x60;, hence &#x60;trailerAxleCount&#x60; must be less than &#x60;axleCount&#x60;.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;, &#x60;trailerCount&#x60; &gt; 0 and &#x60;axleCount&#x60; &gt; 1.  Note: This parameter is currently used only for calculation of tolls in regions where it is applicable.  | [optional] 
**tires_count** | **int** | Value specifying the total number of tires the vehicle has i.e., tires on the base vehicle and any attached trailers.  Note: This parameter is currently used only for calculation of tolls in regions where it is applicable.  | [optional] 
**category** | **str** | Specifies the category of the vehicle. The supported values are:  * &#x60;undefined&#x60;: The vehicle category is undefined and no special considerations are taken into   account. Vehicle routing will proceed as normal. * &#x60;lightTruck&#x60;: The vehicle is a truck light enough to be classified more as a car than as a truck.   I.e., this exempts it from many legal restrictions for normal trucks. Restrictions related   to the physical dimensions of the truck, or its cargo, however, still apply.    Please refer to the developer guide for further details on Truck Categories.    **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to 'undefined']
**trailer_count** | **int** | Number of trailers attached to the vehicle.  **Limitations:** only valid for &#x60;transportMode&#x3D;truck&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to 0]
**hov_occupancy** | **int** | Number of occupants (defined as occupying a seat with a restraint device) in the vehicle. This value affects the ability of the router to use HOV (High-Occupancy Vehicles) restricted lanes.  Limitations:   * currently, any value over 1 is interpreted as being able to use any HOV lane (including, e.g. those restricted to 3+ passengers).  **Disclaimer: this parameters are work in progress and functionality is not complete**  | [optional] [default to 1]
**license_plate** | **str** | Specifies information about the vehicle&#x27;s license plate number. This information is used to evaluate whether certain vehicle restrictions in environmental zones apply. Currently, only the last character of the license plate can be provided.  Format: &#x60;lastCharacter:{character}&#x60;  Example: &#x60;lastCharacter:2&#x60;  **Disclaimer: this parameters are work in progress and functionality is not complete**  | [optional] 
**speed_cap** | **float** | Specifies the maximum speed, in m/s, which the user wishes not to exceed. This parameter affects route ETA and consumption calculation.  Limitations:   * valid for following transport modes: &#x60;car&#x60;, &#x60;truck&#x60;, &#x60;scooter&#x60;, &#x60;taxi&#x60;, &#x60;bus&#x60;, and &#x60;privateBus&#x60;  Notes:   * Car and Truck mode updates route ETA.   * Scooter mode updates route optimization and ETA.  **Disclaimer: this parameters are work in progress and functionality is not complete**  | [optional] 
**type** | [**VehicleType**](VehicleType.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

